# Complete Creations Company Website
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/UWQLXRgNYCg>
#### Description: For my final project, I decided I would make a useable website for my Mom's small business. For some context, my mom runs a small business here in Toronto, Canada where she makes custom prints and places them on objects like t-shirts, mugs, glasses, keychains, water bottles, etc. On the homepage of this assignment, I began with quite a complicated template from bootstrap (see citations) but changed the majority of it to make it my own. Here, you will see the company name and slogan. Further down, there are contact cars with the information of my mom's company (removed for privacy) as well as links to her social media pages (also removed for privacy). Lastly, there is as well a button that will take you to the "about" page. I did not fill this section out because I wanted to put some more thought into it as I intend on giving this website to my Mom so she can use it with her company. On the projects page, I have several images of some of her hand-crafted products. I styled the layout to be a 3xn grid where n can be any amount of rows depending on how many images there are. Any new images added will be added in the left most column, then the next image in the middle column, and the next image in the right most column. Each image has a colored border with rounded edges for stylistic reasons, and also an item name and description in the caption to go along with it. Lastly, the contact page is a place for the customer to order products from the company and give descriptions on what they wish to have be made for them. They will enter their name, email and their order details, and when they press "submit" my mom will recieve an email with the order details so she can get to working on the product. If the user presses submit without enetering a first AND last name serparated by a space, an error message will be outputted prompting them to enter a valid name. The email will not be sent. If the name is fine, the the email they type into the address bar is invalid, an error will be outputted asking them to enter a valid email address. If those are successful but the order detail message box is blank, the user will be prompted to enter their order details and the email will not be sent. The email will only be sent if all the information is properly inputted into their designated input fields. Note that it is fully functional using Flask-mail, but an error message will be shown for now as I removed her email before submitting for privacy purposes. Overall, this website was built with the intention to have it up and running for my mom's company. By Christmas, it will be fully functional and I will present it to her so that her customers can begin to use it starting in the new year!